
The summer before I started college, back in 2014, I remember spending a lot of time in the car. I drove around with my best friend, Katie, in my crappy black 2004 Toyota RAV4 along the winding small-town roads of Massachusetts. (I still love that car, even now, despite its tendency to scream whenever I braked or reversed and chronic inability to get past 65 miles per hour. The number of 18-wheelers that angrily passed me on the highway was truly remarkable. I hope the current owner is as fond of it as I was.) We rode around for hours, listening to the album <i>Mutual Friends<i> by this obscure Swedish band BOY. Katie once randomly produced this CD from her bag. From then on we listened to the album on loop while we drove on narrow, two-lane roads cutting through the woods and past aged farmhouses. Sometimes it would rain, and the setting sun would catch on the edges of each drop and glow like miniature sparks. 

I spent hours in the car, chatting on and on. At the time, I was terrified of the idea that I would go to California, live out a life, and then later the things I cared about so deeply would cease to matter to this potential future version of myself. The idea that my values wouldn't be shared with Future Chelsey struck me as a devastating betrayal. One that I had no means of avoiding or escaping, leaving me to ruminate helplessly over this inevitable change. I don't know why I couldn't connect the Chelsey sitting in her RAV4 with the Chelsey sitting in their dorm room at Stanford. Present me and Future me were irreconcilable, and any future version of myself, particularly one with a changed perspective, would have coopted my life like a warped doppelganger. It felt like I had no control over the ways that I would change, and so any shift at all would happen without my consent.

All my freshly 18 year-old fears came to pass, by the way. The things I believed in, the things I valued, what was really, deeply important to me, all of it changed. A part of me sometimes wonders what Freshman year me would think of the person I turned out to be. Would she understand how I got from the shy, heteroromantic cis-woman who wanted to major in the humanities and date tall lanky boys, to the (reasonably) extroverted, queer agender person who does way too much programming and loves a soft girl who's always tweeting? I've always wanted tattoos - would she like the ones I ultimately chose? I'm disinclined to engage in any revisionist history, but was there a path from me at 18 to me at 21? Or am I genuinely the dreaded bodysnatcher she was so concerned about? Given that I can't reach back in time or ever reinhabit the mindframe of my past selves, I doubt I'll ever know the answer to those questions. Although I think the fact that I can't really even imagine past me probably says something about whether there's any continuity between us.

All this is to say that as my time at Stanford comes to a close, I've been thinking a lot lately about who I've been, who I am, and what happened in between. In 11 days, I'll have graduated from here. It's likely that I'll never be a Stanford student again. I've been reading a lot of old posts lately (turns out I've tried this blogging thing <i>a lot<i>). Some dated as far back as 2010, and it turns out I am a remarkably cringey teenager who has seriously <b>always<b> been obsessed with cows. I keep looking for some throughline to connect 14 to 21, but I'm not sure there is one. People change. I'm trying not to get caught up in this fear of the unknown or blatant distrust of my own decisions. 

I was myself then, I am myself now, and I think I will be myself tomorrow as well.
