---
layout: post
title: Updates
date: 2018-08-22
---

My months of couch surfing and family-visiting and future-angsting have come to an end. (Well, perhaps not that last part. Also, it's really only been like a month and a half. Overdramatic.) In less than a week, I'll be shipping off to some never-before-seen part of the US, leaving behind everything I've ever known, where I will know absolutely noone and have to rebuild an entire life from the ground up on my own. Deja vu. (See: College, random summer programs, every time I've moved dorms/rebuilt my social circle, those two months in Beijing, etc.)

I'm not sure how this keeps happening. Why do I continually seek out opportunities to start fresh? Am I just perpetually bored by the prospect of staying in one place? Am I trying to fill the gaps in my soul by diving into parts unknown? Probably all of the above, really. I think I just can't help but think there might be something better out there, and damned if I'm not going to take a look.

Is that my problem though, if we're really getting down to brass tacks? That need to continually obtain better? I think I'm just unsatisfied. Life has seriously been on the up-and-up for me. Since like, age 12. Run toward the shit that scares you, and more often than not there will be something wicked awesome on the other side. Painful, terrifying, but effective.

There's that phrase - the devil you know is better than the devil you don't. I'm terrified of uncertainty. And I love the idea of being comfortable. And yet I've never been able to shake the impulse to go somewhere new, to do the things that scare me. Maybe I just fear complacency most of all. Is this just epic, life-spanning FOMO?

Who the hell knows. I for sure don't. See y'all on the other side.
