---
layout: post
title: Letters
date: 2018-07-01
---

I'm thinking about the nooks and crannies. That day in the car, searching for any squirreled away stash of folded bills you could find. I asked you how you were doing, hoping you wouldn't notice my stilted Mandarin, knowing you wouldn't notice the pitched up tone of my voice. (Is it still uptalk when you're genuinely asking a question?) Your answers were - *are* - always curt, followed up by inquiries into the state of my finances. I'm glad you're making decent money. I hope I've effectively masked my doubt.

I wish you'd ask about grad school because you're curious about what I study. I've never needed the money. I know that if I rejected it then we would have nothing.

I realize you're intimidated. Don't you know they all are? They've taken to repurposing my unemployment as self-actualization. I don't know if any of you will understand that I've lived intimately with the spectre of "second-best."

How did I spend three years learning Mandarin from the parents of other Chinese kids' children?

I'll ask you a question. There's a lull. You shuffle through receipts to give me a few bills. I'm glad to hear you're thinking of taking a break. I never understood why you wouldn't. Not until now.

What should I do? I suspect your answer is the same as mine. And yet I reach through the folds in the fabric of a dozen different languages, wondering if you might be reaching too, and you place in the palm of my hand what I know is the only thing I'll ever receive. 

I'm glad to hear you're making decent money. I hope the cracks in my speech effectively masked my doubts.
